Clarifies the aim of the document. (#88)
scionassociation/scion-dp_I-D: draft-dekater-scion-dataplane.md

SCION is a path-aware internetworking routing architecture as described in {{RFC9217}}. It allows endpoints and applications to select paths across the network to use for traffic, based on trusted path properties. SCION is an inter-domain network architecture and is therefore not concerned with intra-domain forwarding.

SCION has been developed with the following goals:

*Availability* - to provide highly available communication that can send traffic over paths with optimal or required characteristics, quickly handle inter-domain link or router failures (both on the last hop or anywhere along the path) and provide continuity in the presence of adversaries.

*Security* - This work introduces a new approach to inter-domain path security that leverages path-awareness in combination with an unique trust model. The goal is to provide higher levels of trust in routing information to:
- prevent traffic hijacking

> - enable users to decide where their data travels based on routing information that can be unambiguously attributed to an AS, so that packets are only forwarded along authorized path segments. A particular use case is to enable geofencing.

Author: Suggest a slight rewording.

This document describes the SCION Data Plane component. It should be read in conjunction with the other components {{I-D.dekater-scion-pki}} and {{I-D.dekater-scion-controlplane}}.

> The SCION architecture was initially developed outside of the IETF by ETH Zurich with significant contributions from Anapaya Systems. It is deployed in the Swiss finance sector to provide resilient connectivity between financial institutions. The aim of this document is to document the existing protocol specification as deployed, to encourage interoperability among implementations, and to introduce new concepts that can potentially be further improved to address particular problems with the current Internet architecture. This is not intended for publication as an Internet Standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SCION architecture was initially developed outside of the IETF by ETH Zurich with significant contributions from Anapaya Systems. It is deployed in the Swiss finance sector to provide resilient connectivity between financial institutions. The aim of this document is to document the existing protocol specification as deployed, to encourage interoperability among implementations, and to introduce new concepts that can potentially be further improved to address particular problems with the current Internet architecture.  This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is published for informational purposes.
```
